Version 2.29.1 for @vonage/client-sdk-video-react-native (#800)
opentok/opentok-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# 2.29.1 (March 2025)

- [Update]: This version updates the Vonage Video Android SDK and iOS SDK to version 2.29.1. For more information, see the [Android SDK release notes](https://tokbox.com/developer/sdks/android/release-notes.html) and the [iOS SDK release notes](https://tokbox.com/developer/sdks/ios/release-notes.html).

> - [Update]: For Android, this version requires the `ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE` permission, and on Android API level 35+ it also requires the `REQUEST_IGNORE_BATTERY_OPTIMIZATIONS` permission. You do not need to add these to your app manifest. The OpenTok Android SDK adds them automatically. However, certain permissions require you to prompt the user. See the [full list of required permissions](https://tokbox.com/developer/sdks/android/#permissions) in the Vonage Video API Android SDK documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
- [Update]: For Android, this version requires the `ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE` permission, and on Android API level 35+ it also requires the `REQUEST_IGNORE_BATTERY_OPTIMIZATIONS` permission. You do not need to add these to your app manifest. The OpenTok Android SDK adds them automatically. However, certain permissions require you to prompt the user. See the [full list of required permissions](https://developer.vonage.com/en/video/client-sdks/android/overview#permissions) in the Vonage Video API Android SDK documentation.
```
